1. Tables created with the LIKE option don't inherit primary and foreign key constraints. Distribution style, sort keys,BACKUP, and NULL properties are inherited by LIKE tables
2. CREATE TABLE AS (CTAS) tables don't inherit constraints, identity columns, default column values, or the primary key from the table that they were created from
   a. You can't create customized Encoding for created table. RS automatically assigns compression encoding 
   b. Distribution style and sort key for the new table are based on the query plan for the SELECT clause based on explain plan.
   c. You can explicitly specify distribution style and sort key while CTAS command
   d. Redshift automatically analyzes tables that you create with CTAS commands. No need to run the ANALYZE command on these tables when they are first created.
   e. Inside Stored Proc, you can't use raise command for CTAS tables. 
3. For tables, such as staging tables, that don't contain critical data, specify BACKUP NO to save processing time when creating snapshots and restoring from snapshots and to reduce storage space on Amazon Simple Storage Service
4. Interleaved sorting carries a small overhead cost for data loading and vacuuming operations as compared to "Sort Key". Don’t use an interleaved sort key on columns with monotonically increasing attributes, such as identity columns, dates, or timestamps.
5. Wide tables - If a table is too wide(max. bytes 65535)  for inserting or selecting, you receive the following error.
6. Vacuum fails on wide table and bigger table but "Deep Copy" can be used as alternative. Deep copy also sorts data while inserting into new table.
   But Deep copy involves some small outage whereas in Vacuum its not. So ensure a way to handle missing data.
7. Commit is done in 2 phase -> 1 current node commit and then other adjacent mirrored node should also commit(Then only Leader node marks a complete commit)
   Commit has queue of 1 i.e. only one commit at a time that means 4gb movement to disk, so avoid frequent commit
8. TEMP table data doesn't gets mirrored to other adjacent node, thats the advantage as compared to Permanent table.
9. WLM is divinding yours available memory(RAM) (Note: if total cluster memory is 500GB then 50% is reserved for internal, so available memory is 250gb); if WLM1 is 10% memory that means 25gb memory and not 50gb
   Try creating less number of WLM Queues (based on user group or query group (session level) - There is 2 default queues a. Default Queue and b. Queue for Super user. Queue(1-4) is reserved for internal operation, Queue(5) is for super user, then starts user defined queues (you can have upto 8 user defined queues)
   WLM has slots that defines concurreny - WLM Queue memory is divided among slots
   Don't allocate 100% of available memory - this way if some queue needs more memory then it can be taken from remaining memory
   Total number of slots in WLM is recommended to be between 8 to 15. However in Redshift max. concurrency is 50 but recommended is between 8 to 15.
   Does WLM require restart -- depends there are some static and dynamic parameter - read documentation 
   You can assign 2 slots to single bad query if requires more memory by WLM_QUERY_SLOT_COUNT
   you can loginn as superuser, you need to "SET querygroup to Superuser" to be in superuser WLM queue else you won't
   you can perform some action based on explain plan parameter known as "Query Monitoring Rule (QMR) --> 3 actions are logged, abort, hopped
   SQA - Let short query do not stuck behind long runnung queries. Default 5sec, range is 1sec to 20sec
